README.md, before:

# Tmux DND Status

Tmux plugin that enables displaying the DND (do-not-disturb) status of your mac

Introduces a new `#{dnd_status}` format to display whether DND mode is on or off.

Tested and working on macOS only.

### Usage

Add `#{dnd_status}` format string to your existing `status-right` or `status-left` tmux
option.

Here's the example in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g status-right "#{dnd_status} | %a %h-%d %H:%M "
```

**macOS**<br/>
On macOS the above will look like this when DND is on<br/>
![DND on indicator](/screenshots/dnd_on_indicator.png)<br/>
or this when DND is off<br/>
![DND off indicator](/screenshots/dnd_off_indicator.png)<br/>

#### Configure icons

If the icons don't display well on your machine you can change them in
`.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @dnd_on_icon "DND"
set -g @dnd_off_icon ""
```

### Installation with [Tmux Plugin Manager](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) (recommended)

Add plugin to the list of TPM plugins in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'megalithic/tmux-dnd-status'
```

Hit `prefix + I` to fetch the plugin and source it.

`#{dnd_status}` interpolation should now work.

### Manual Installation

Clone the repo:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/megalithic/tmux-dnd-status ~/clone/path`
```

Add this line to the bottom of `.tmux.conf`:
`run-shell ~/clone/path/dnd-status.tmux`

Reload TMUX environment:

```sh
$ tmux source-file ~/.tmux.conf
```

`#{dnd_status}` interpolation should now work.

### Limitations

DND status text most likely won't be instant. The duration depends on the
`status-interval` Tmux option. So, it might take anywhere between 5 and 60
seconds for DND status text to change.

Set `status-interval` to a low number to make this faster, example (in `.tmux.conf`):

```tmux
set -g status-interval 5
```

### License

[MIT](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Updates to support big sur using calm-notifications ruby script

README.md, after:

# Tmux DND Status

Tmux plugin that enables displaying the DND (do-not-disturb) status of your mac.

Introduces a new `#{dnd_status}` format to display whether DND mode is on or off.

Tested and working on MacOS (Big Sur) only.

Presently requires: `brew install "vitorgalvao/tiny-scripts/calm-notifications"`

### Usage

Add `#{dnd_status}` format string to your existing `status-right` or `status-left` tmux
option.

Here's the example in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g status-right "#{dnd_status} | %a %h-%d %H:%M "
```

**macOS**<br/>
On macOS the above will look like this when DND is on<br/>
![DND on indicator](/screenshots/dnd_on_indicator.png)<br/>
or this when DND is off<br/>
![DND off indicator](/screenshots/dnd_off_indicator.png)<br/>

#### Configure icons

If the icons don't display well on your machine you can change them in
`.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @dnd_on_icon "DND"
set -g @dnd_off_icon ""
```

### Installation with [Tmux Plugin Manager](https://github.com/tmux-plugins/tpm) (recommended)

Add plugin to the list of TPM plugins in `.tmux.conf`:

```tmux
set -g @plugin 'megalithic/tmux-dnd-status'
```

Hit `prefix + I` to fetch the plugin and source it.

`#{dnd_status}` interpolation should now work.

### Manual Installation

Clone the repo:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/megalithic/tmux-dnd-status ~/clone/path`
```

Add this line to the bottom of `.tmux.conf`:
`run-shell ~/clone/path/dnd-status.tmux`

Reload TMUX environment:

```sh
$ tmux source-file ~/.tmux.conf
```

`#{dnd_status}` interpolation should now work.

### Limitations

DND status text most likely won't be instant. The duration depends on the
`status-interval` Tmux option. So, it might take anywhere between 5 and 60
seconds for DND status text to change.

Set `status-interval` to a low number to make this faster, example (in `.tmux.conf`):

```tmux
set -g status-interval 5
```

Also, MacOS Big Sur introduced some breaking changes to make it more challenging to set and get DND status; so we now use a [nice ruby script](https://github.com/vitorgalvao/tiny-scripts/blob/master/calm-notifications) instead.

### License

[MIT](LICENSE.md)
